.TH MEAZURE 1 "@BUILD_DATE@" "@MAJOR_VERSION@.@MINOR_VERSION@" "Meazure Manual Page"

.SH NAME
meazure - Screen measurment and capture.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B meazure
[\-h] [\-\-help] [\-\-help\-all] [\-v] [\-\-version] [\-p \fI<filename>\fP] [\-\-positions \fI<filename>\fP]
[\-c \fI<filename>\fP] [\-\-config \fI<filename>\fP]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Meazure is a tool for easily measuring and capturing portions of the screen. Tasks such as measuring the size of a
window, capturing an image, determining the color of a pixel, and determining the screen size can all be easily
accomplished. Meazure provides a number of different tools for measuring and capturing the screen. In addition, tool
positions can be recorded to a file for future playback.
.PP
A complete user manual is available from the \fBHelp > Help (F1)\fP menu item. In addition, context-sensitive help is
provided by the \fBHelp > What's This? (Shift+F1)\fP menu item.
.PP
Meazure is \fBnot supported\fP on the Wayland window system.

.SH OPTIONS
Meazure accepts the following options:
.TP
.B  \-h, \-\-help
Displays help on commandline options.
.TP
.B \-\-help\-all
Displays help including Qt specific options.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Displays version information.
.TP
.B \-p, \-\-positions \fI<filename>\fP
Load the specified position log file.
.TP
.B \-c, \-\-config \fI<filename>\fP
Load the specified configuration file.

.SH FILES
\fB$XDG_CONFIG_HOME\fP/CThingSoftware/Meazure.conf - Persists the configuration of the Meazure program between runs.

\fB\.mea\fP - Extension of Meazure configuration files.

\fB\.mpl\fP - Extension of Meazure position log files.

.SH BUG REPORTS AND FEATURE REQUESTS
Bugs reports and feature requests can be submitted at
.UR https://github.com/cthing/meazure-linux/issues
.UE .
